update screenshots + execute button explanation (#556)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/assets/about-product-link-rules.md

Just a reminder but an important one for you to better understand what is coming next: *the product link rule is based on asset attributes* :wink:

By defining a naming convention, for each [asset family](what-about-assets.html#what-is-an-asset-family), the PIM will be able to split the asset code or the main media filename, in order to extract the information you want and use it to populate asset attributes.

> This operation is automatically done by the PIM upon each asset creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This operation is automatically run by the PIM during each asset creation.
```

As said above, the product link rule is very useful when you can automate the link between assets and products/product models.

This rule is defined at the asset family level and it is automatically launched by the PIM after the asset is created.

:::tips

> If your product link rule came to change afterwards, you could easily execute it again thanks to the `Execute rules` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your product link rule happened to change afterward, you could easily execute it again thanks to the `Execute rules` button.
```
